TELCODOCS-470 - Adding worker nodes to single-node OpenShift clusters using AI (#46277)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-about-sno-cluster-worker-nodes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes/nodes-sno-worker-nodes.adoc

:_module-type: CONCEPT
[id="sno-about-sno-cluster-worker-nodes_{context}"]
= About worker nodes on single-node OpenShift clusters

> Worker nodes for single-node OpenShift clusters provide additional resources for your cluster. However, because there is only a single control plane node, ingress traffic is routed differently compared to standard cluster configurations with three control plane nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worker nodes for single-node OpenShift clusters provide additional resources for your cluster. However, because there is only a single control plane node, ingress traffic is, by default, routed differently compared to standard cluster configurations with three control plane nodes.
```

> In a default single-node cluster configuration, all ingress traffic is routed through the control plane node by default. One of the benefits of installing single-node clusters is the simplicity of not having to deal with load-balancing and virtual IPs. Not having a load balancer installed by default increases cost savings and simplifies cluster deployment and configuration.

Reviewer: >In a default single-node cluster configuration, all ingress traffic is routed through the control plane node by default.

This sentence feels a bit off. When you have just one node, it's trivial that all ingress traffic goes through it, because it has nowhere else to go.

When there is more than one node involved, it's less trivial to realize ingress traffic must flow the original SNO node, so that has to be mentioned

> When you add a worker node to the cluster, the Assisted Installer sets the `DefaultPlacement` field of the `IngressController` CR to be `ControlPlane`. This effectively routes all ingress traffic to worker nodes through the control plane node by default.

Reviewer: >When you add a worker node to the cluster, the Assisted Installer sets the `DefaultPlacement` field of the `IngressController` CR to be `ControlPlane`. This effectively routes all ingress traffic to worker nodes through the control plane node by default.

nits:

- What's mentioned is a feature of the installer, not the assisted-installer

- defaultPlacement is a parameter of the ingress config CR, not the IngressController CR

I'm leaning towards omitting this entire paragraph, it's a bit of boring implementation details, as defaultPlacement is an immutable field users should not care about, it's just an internal way for the installer to communicate a general placement to the ingress controller

Author: removed the paragraph.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes/nodes-sno-worker-nodes.adoc

:_module-type: CONCEPT
[id="sno-about-sno-cluster-worker-nodes_{context}"]
= About worker nodes on single-node OpenShift clusters

> Worker nodes for single-node OpenShift clusters provide additional resources for your cluster. However, because there is only a single control plane node, ingress traffic is, by default, routed through the control plane node. One of the benefits of installing single-node clusters is the simplicity of not having to deal with load-balancing and virtual IPs. Not having a load balancer installed by default increases cost savings and simplifies cluster deployment and configuration.

Reviewer: >However, because there is only a single control plane node, ingress traffic is, by default, routed through the control plane node.

This is not the reason we route traffic through the single node. The real reason is because before there were workers, there was only that node, and so all DNS entries / traffic was trivially pointed at it. And so we don't want users to have to change that once they add workers, so we by default keep routing all ingress traffic through the single node as we did originally.

I suggest something along the lines of:

```suggestion
Worker nodes for single-node OpenShift clusters provide additional resources for your cluster. Note that unlike multi-node clusters, by default all ingress traffic should still be routed to the single control-plane node, even after adding worker nodes.
```
